The classical Neuman water-table condition can underestimate specific
Many improved kinematic conditions fit drawdown with parameters whose
Letting unsaturated-zone thickness L approach zero reduces the
Saturated drawdown Equation (1)
No-infiltration condition at the unsaturated top and impermeable
Continuity condition at interface point A
Unsaturated flow equation evaluated as a water-table boundary
Gardner moisture-capacity expression C0 from Equation 13a
Gardner relative-conductivity expression k0 from Equation 13b
Equation (14) rewritten under water-table drawdown continuity
Laplace-domain initial-boundary system with parameter p
Laplace-domain drawdown correction s1,D for confined flow
Laplace-Hankel-domain vertical equations A6-A10
Laplace-Hankel-domain vertical solution
Laplace-domain radial integral for s2,D
Time-domain confined-flow correction and unconfined-flow response
Dimensionless drawdown sD
Parameter estimates minimizing observed-predicted squared error
SEE as the square root of summed squared residuals divided by nu
ME as the arithmetic mean of the residuals
Time-dependent evidence that the radial Laplacian recovers unsaturated
Site-specific hydraulic estimates with predicted drawdowns against
Explicit domain for reliable use of the reduced boundary
The physically parameterized boundary improves specific-yield